---
layout: post
read_time: false
show_date: true
title:  Swing Traffic Generator
date:   2022-05-27 0:00:00 -0600
description: Swing - Realistic and Responsive Network Traffic Generation
img: /posts/swing/paper.png
tags: [Swing, Traffic Generator, Traffic Modelling, Wavelet]
author: 
# Links
github: https://github.com/AndersonPaschoalon/Md2Html
publication: 
pdf: 
external:
nexus: 
# Properties
is_publication: false
is_project: true
is_blog: false
is_highlight: false # if it will appear in the home or not
mathjax: 
has_release: true
proj-group: open-source # research, open-source, game, tool 
---

# Swingxficgenerator (v0.3.2)


This is a re-upload for the Swing Traffic Generator. Its official homepage is located [**HERE**](https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~kvishwanath/Swing/). 

The swing traffic generator is a tool used in the publication *Swing: Realistic and Responsive Network Traffic Generation*. But the original source code has a compilation error, and I fixed it.

I tried to contact the author some times by email, but with no response. If the author, or anyone related with the project find this repository, please, contact me. 

Since the Author [**Kashi Venkatesh Vishwanath**](AUTHORS) allowed to redistribute the code, according to its [**LICENCE**](LICENSE) I decided publish it here, so anyone can use this tool.

The original readme file, with a quick introduction, can be found [**here**](README).

If you use **Swingxficgenerator** in any work, please, cite the original paper. I also recomment the reading for a deeper undertanding of the tool.

> **Plain Text**
> > K. V. Vishwanath and A. Vahdat, "Swing: Realistic and Responsive Network Traffic Generation," in IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking, vol. 17, no. 3, pp. 712-725, June 2009, doi: 10.1109/TNET.2009.2020830.

> **BibTeX**
>> `@ARTICLE{4914755,
  author={Vishwanath, Kashi Venkatesh and Vahdat, Amin},
  journal={IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking}, 
  title={Swing: Realistic and Responsive Network Traffic Generation}, 
  year={2009},
  volume={17},
  number={3},
  pages={712-725},
  doi={10.1109/TNET.2009.2020830}}`


I used this paper in my master thesis and on its paper, so I'm really greatefull for his work. 


My thesis can be found here:
[SIMITAR: synthetic and realistic network traffic generation](http://repositorio.unicamp.br/acervo/detalhe/1090415?guid=1657351507677&returnUrl=%2fresultado%2flistar%3fguid%3d1657351507677%26quantidadePaginas%3d1%26codigoRegistro%3d1090415%231090415&i=1)

And my article "**Automated Selection of Inter-Packet Time Models Through Information Criteria**" here:

> **Plain Text**
>> A. d. S. Paschoalon and C. E. Rothenberg, "Automated Selection of Inter-Packet Time Models Through Information Criteria," in IEEE Networking Letters, vol. 1, no. 2, pp. 56-59, June 2019, doi: 10.1109/LNET.2019.2905364.
> 
>**BibTeX**
>> @ARTICLE{8667676,
  author={Paschoalon, Anderson dos Santos and Rothenberg, Christian Esteve},
  journal={IEEE Networking Letters}, 
  title={Automated Selection of Inter-Packet Time Models Through Information Criteria}, 
  year={2019},
  volume={1},
  number={2},
  pages={56-59},
  doi={10.1109/LNET.2019.2905364}}










